hello today I'm gonna show you guys how
to get Angry Birds Rio for free in the
description there's gonna be a link
going to a new website the boobatron
double-oh-seven site so once you're on
here if you guys want to learn about my
website just scroll down and it's going
to say it updates right here and just
play that video and it'll tell you a
little bit out about my website so
you're gonna click download this page
and here it's gonna say Angry Birds Rio
and then under - free the local Jean
double-oh-seven you're gonna click
download fine I've got already got it
downloaded so I'm not going to next
you're going to go to your when your are
right click it extract here it will
extract now you're going to open up this
you're gonna click Angry Birds Rio
installer just wait for it
all right so this is gonna install
so next after it's finished installing
you're going to click on this patch
folder and open up this patch and you
don't look for your anniversary of their
antsy
you're going to open up a Red Birds Rio
and you're gonna click upgrade so I will
and then you're gonna open up this and
here's a serial right here all you have
to do is copy paste and you have any
others real for free see you later guys
remember to check out my website and
that's it goodbye